[Music]
[Applause]
ladies and gentlemen foreign
correspondent of the year
Murray : no survivors at Treasure Island
I need a photographer any good the best
can't stop thinking about it unless you
go crazy it's not something you get used
to or is not so terrible for governments
for they are not wounded or killed like
ordinary people our mission is to speak
the truth to power
we're prepared to thank your country in
the Civil War
what happened they've opened fire on
Gentiles if the government catches you
they'll kill you
I have nightmares every night you see
more war than most soldiers you have to
take it seriously
I hate being in a war zone I also feel
compelled to see it for myself because
you're addicted to it
if you use the stuff from those drones
we'll know where we are don't have no
one in their right mind would do what do
you do
[Music]
we have to go back we will die if we go
back
I want people to know your story
you have a god-given talent for making
people stop and get to seeing alive I
see it so you don't have to take it use
your conviction
what hope do the rest of us have maybe I
would have liked a more normal life
maybe I just don't know how
you